here's the latest thing that I'm doing
right here and I think I screwed up and
I'm not sure maybe someone else will
know out there I but this is your
standard tire which is for the deal
which is three hundred by ten by fifty
no just three hundred by ten now I
bought this Hot Shots I got this on eBay
a year ago it's it's it's called tire
paint and you can see here I've touched
up the first three letters but I I get
this a year ago and I just was too lazy
to put the tire on on my deal and I know
they're these tires are made in Brazil
but I really has an old it's an old
brand name in America that if you have
PI rally tires you must have something
that's really a racing machine because
back in the day pi rallies you know they
were on Lamborghinis and things like
that well anyway what I decided to do I
got this really bright idea that since
this tire is 3.0 by 10 I'll get a little
bit wider tire high rally and put it on
the back so this is a 3.5 right here by
10 the only problem is I thought it'd be
a half inch bigger it's it's the same 10
inch rim but this is one big bitch bitch
tire it's huge
and I hope it'll work on the back of my
scooter
but it may be too too big I'm just not
sure but what I do is I take the tire
paint right here and with the PI R le I
fill it in with the white all along here
and then you use a little bit of
sandpaper 600 grit and I'll go over and
clean up the edges I'll clean these
edges up when it dries and then if that
doesn't work I can use the tire paint
and use a little paintbrush on it but
the pie really to give it the white
lettering really makes makes the bike
look a lot better and the tires are not
that expensive they're only like 25
bucks piece but there's still pie
rallies and that that means a lot in
America and I hope that this bigger tire
will work in the back and not hit on the
engine case or anything I'm just if
anyone knows if it'll work or not
all right I don't want to do all the
lettering and then have the damn thing
not fit because it the engine you know
the engine and the transmission are l1
and there's a lot not a lot of clearance
between there between the
between them you can see the difference
of size right there and here you can see
where it stands about an inch and I
don't know an inch taller it'd be great
if it'll fit but I'm just worried it it
it may not you know I'd really feel
better with a larger tire like that if
I'm doing up to 70 miles an hour I
really would
so I'm hoping that it will it will fit I
know it'll fit on the rim perfect but I
just don't know if it'll clear the
engine case because the this tire will
can hit very close to the back of the
cylinder where the cylinder goes into
the engine so hopefully it'll work I'm
gonna have to go over and go over the
shop and look okay